>> Jen Kramer: See my picture doesn't
align over here on the left anymore.
And now I've got some
weird space on the top,
the text sort of starts before the picture
>> Speaker 2: No margin on the top
it looks like.
>> Jen Kramer: We actually don't
want any margin on the top, do we?
Okay, so probably where do we want
this margin applied for real?
What sides of picture do we
want the margin to be put on?
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: The right.
>> Jen Kramer: We want it on the right and
anywhere else?
>> Speaker 2: The bottom.
>> Jen Kramer: Probably the bottom,
the right and the bottom, and
we want the top and the left to be
shoved up in the corner here, okay.
So now there you can write
this in the following way.
You could say margin right.
One rem and
you can say margin-bottom, one rem.
Right?
You can go on and on and on like that.
That's one way of doing it.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
the other way of doing it is to
use something called shorthand, okay?
And this is something you're gonna
see a lot, a lot, a lot in code.
And the way that we're gonna do this, is
we're gonna use the margin property just
as margin, but
we're gonna put in four numbers.
Okay, and the four numbers we're
gonna put in are this way.
TRBL, top, right, bottom, left, and
if you remember that you will stay out of,
trouble.
>> Jen Kramer: [LAUGH] Okay, so
the first number on margin here
is going to be our top number,
which is what what value?
Zero.
We don't want anything on the top.
Our second number is
going to be on the right.
We definitely want some margin there.
Yeah.
Okay, our third number is
going to be on the bottom.
>> Jen Kramer: One rem there, and
our fourth number is on the left, zero.
>> Jen Kramer: So
you see how I wrote that, TRBL.
And if you take a look at your notes here,
it'll be,
I have a little diagram here for you.
So as you write these,
this can be true for margin or padding.
The numbers work the same way.
Some people like to think of
this as the hands of a clock.
So we start at 12 o'clock or
the top of the box and
we go around in a clockwise manner.
That never worked for me I don't know why.
Okay.
I rather remember the acronym.
And in fact when you hear me teach you'll
hear me mutter this acronym all the time
as I start writing numbers t r b o,
because I don't know why I can't remember
what order these numbers go in
I just remember the acronym.
So, top right bottom left,
that's the order of the numbers.
Okay?
Your four numbers can be and
I put it here with four totally
different units of measure.
They don't all have to be
the same units of measure.
You can mix them up if you wish.
Okay.
10% or 10 pixels on the top,
two M's on the right 3% on the bottom,
2rems on the left.
I don't know why you do that, but
you can, you're right, it's legal.
So hopefully that helps some,
for those four numbers.
There's some more here in the shorthand,
we'll probably be covering more about
shorthand, and
exactly how shorthand works.
But there's plenty of reading
here on your page as well.
So you can take a look at how that works,
okay?
>> Jen Kramer: Any questions on that.
So we've floated our picture, and
we have a margin going around it and
now it looks much better.
Not perfect, but better.